Add documentation for Spark and Flink new features (#679)
lightbend/cloudflow: docs/shared-content-source/docs/modules/develop/pages/use-flink-streamlets.adoc

The volumes are claimed for as long as the Pipeline application is deployed, allowing for seamless re-deployment, upgrades, and recovery in case of failure.

Flink's runtime encodes all state and writes them into checkpoints. And since checkpoints in Flink offer an exactly-once guarantee of semantics, all application state are preserved safely throughout the lifetime of the streamlet. In case of failures, recovery will be done from checkpoints, and there will be no data loss.

== Flink local execution

If you are testing Flink streamlets locally <<Using the Local Sandbox>> you should be aware
of several things:

> * Restartability. Unlike cluster deployment, local Flink execution will not restart in the case of crashes.

Reviewer: "a" local Flink execution?

> * Checkpointing. By default, in the case of local runs, checkpointing is done in memory, which means that in the case of local runs, checkpointing does not survive an individual execution.

Reviewer: checkpointing does not survive "beyond" an individual execution?

The checkpointing behaviour in this case (along with many other parameters) can be overwritten
using <<The Cloudflow Configuration Model>>. The default configuration for Flink is https://github.com/apache/flink/blob/master/flink-dist/src/main/resources/flink-conf.yaml[here].

> A complete documentation of configuration parameters, can be found https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/ops/config.html[here].

Reviewer: No need for "A" in A complete documentation ...

In addition to "standard" Flink parameters, you can enable the Web UI
when using `runLocal`. If the parameter `local.web` is set in the configuration

> (for the Flink runtime or a particular streamlet), the Flink execution is started with the Web UI, as shown

Reviewer: Does the "as shown" refer to the cross reference that follows? If so, "as shown in"

The volumes are claimed for as long as the Pipeline application is deployed, allowing for seamless re-deployment, upgrades, and recovery in case of failure.

Flink's runtime encodes all state and writes them into checkpoints. And since checkpoints in Flink offer an exactly-once guarantee of semantics, all application state are preserved safely throughout the lifetime of the streamlet. In case of failures, recovery will be done from checkpoints, and there will be no data loss.

== Flink local execution

> If you are testing Flink streamlet locally <<Using the Local Sandbox>> you should be aware

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are testing Flink streamlets locally <<Using the Local Sandbox>> you should be aware
```

> of the several things:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of several things:
```

* Restartability. Unlike cluster deployment, local Flink execution will not restart in the case of crashes.

> * Checkpointing. By default, in the case of local runs, checkpointing is done to memory, which means that in the case of local runs checkpointing is does not survive individual execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Checkpointing. By default, in the case of local runs, checkpointing is done in memory, which means that in the case of local runs, checkpointing does not survive an individual execution.
```

> The checkpointing behaviour in this case (along with many otherparameters) can be overwritten

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The checkpointing behaviour in this case (along with many other parameters) can be overwritten
```

using <<The Cloudflow Configuration Model>>. The default configuration for Flink is https://github.com/apache/flink/blob/master/flink-dist/src/main/resources/flink-conf.yaml[here].
A complete documentation of configuration parameters, can be found https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/ops/config.html[here].

> In addition to "standard" Flink parameters, Cloudflow introduce an option of enabling Web UI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to "standard" Flink parameters, you can enable the Web UI
```

> when using local execution. If the parameter `local.web` is set in the configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
when using `runLocal`. If the parameter `local.web` is set in the configuration
```

> (for Flink runtime or particular streamlet), the Flink execution is started with Web UI, as shown

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(for the Flink runtime or a particular streamlet), the Flink execution is started with the Web UI, as shown
```

> https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-release-1.11/ops/deployment/local.html#start-a-local-flink-cluster[here]. By default UI is available

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-release-1.11/ops/deployment/local.html#start-a-local-flink-cluster[here]. By default the Web UI is available
```

> at `http://localhost:8081`, but the port can be overwritten using configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
at `http://localhost:8081`, but the port can be overwritten using the configuration system with `rest.port`.
```

A complete documentation of configuration parameters, can be found https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/ops/config.html[here].

In addition to "standard" Flink parameters, you can enable the Web UI
when using `runLocal`. If the parameter `local.web` is set in the configuration
(for the Flink runtime or a particular streamlet), the Flink execution is started with the Web UI, as shown
https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-release-1.11/ops/deployment/local.html#start-a-local-flink-cluster[here]. By default the Web UI is available
at `http://localhost:8081`, but the port can be overwritten using the configuration system with `rest.port` under `cloudflow.runtimes.flink.config.flink` or specifically for a streamlet under `cloudflow.streamlets.<streamlet>.config`.

An example of modifying some flink configuration is shown below:

[source,hocon]
----
cloudflow.streamlets.processor.config {
  local.web = on
  rest.port = 5000
}
----

In the above example the Web UI is enabled for the processors streamlet. which will listen on port 5000.
You need to provide the location of the local configuration in your sbt build file:

> [source,hocon]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[source,scala]
```

The volumes are claimed for as long as the Pipeline application is deployed, allowing for seamless re-deployment, upgrades, and recovery in case of failure.

Flink's runtime encodes all state and writes them into checkpoints. And since checkpoints in Flink offer an exactly-once guarantee of semantics, all application state are preserved safely throughout the lifetime of the streamlet. In case of failures, recovery will be done from checkpoints, and there will be no data loss.

== Flink local execution

If you are testing Flink streamlets locally <<Using the Local Sandbox>> you should be aware
of several things:

> * Restartability. Unlike cluster deployment, local Flink execution will not restart in the case of crashes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Restartability. Unlike cluster deployment, a local Flink execution will not restart in the case of crashes.
```

> * Checkpointing. By default, in the case of local runs, checkpointing is done in memory, which means that in the case of local runs, checkpointing does not survive an individual execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Checkpointing. By default, in the case of local runs, checkpointing is done in memory, which means that in the case of local runs, checkpointing does not survive beyond an individual execution.
```

The checkpointing behaviour in this case (along with many other parameters) can be overwritten
using <<The Cloudflow Configuration Model>>. The default configuration for Flink is https://github.com/apache/flink/blob/master/flink-dist/src/main/resources/flink-conf.yaml[here].

> A complete documentation of configuration parameters, can be found https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/ops/config.html[here].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Complete documentation of configuration parameters, can be found https://ci.apache.org/projects/flink/flink-docs-stable/ops/config.html[here].
```

In addition to "standard" Flink parameters, you can enable the Web UI
when using `runLocal`. If the parameter `local.web` is set in the configuration

> (for the Flink runtime or a particular streamlet), the Flink execution is started with the Web UI, as shown

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(for the Flink runtime or a particular streamlet), the Flink execution is started with the Web UI, as shown in
```
